Like a boss.
Let's see.
Here's one for you.
This is actually an interesting one that's really fucking obscures is one from a
movie that the dude ended up selling.
This is from cool hand Luke.
All right.
For those of you who have seen cool hand Luke,
if you haven't seen cool hand Luke,
he got to fucking watch that movie.
Right.
And basically the guy who did the score,
uh,
wrote this song.
There's a scene where they have to tar this road and uh,
Paul Newman's character,
you know,
rather than just sitting there being like,
this is a miserable fucking job.
He gets them all amped up
[inaudible]
that it's supposed to take all fucking day,
but he gets these guys so fucking amped up.
They just,
they just fucking,
they just,
it's like they took five hour energy,
five hour energy.
Huh?
500 hours.
I drink it for the taste.
Okay.
God,
you're going to jog to Florida after that.
Yeah.
Before they,
they're just flying down the fucking road and they're all laughing,
having a great fucking time.
And they finished the road and they actually have an afternoon off.
Right.
So it was like Paul Newman's way of saying fuck you to the,
to the,
to the screws.
Is that what they called them back down to the,
to the guards.
Right.
So they had to have this music so they,
this guy wrote this score for this scene.
Uh,
but the problem was it was perfect for the movie but the problem was years later
he sold it or I don't know how far along he sold it
to use it as.
So
the only thing I do is
when they informed me that fine,
no problem are you,
I laugh all the way to the bank
and it got played so much in this other shit that it actually kind of fucks up
the movie.
This is,
this is the score.
This is going to be for some older people to actually understand this is the
music that they had for the tea.
It's called tar sequence.
When they,
when they tar the road and they ended up selling,
the guy ended up selling the song for something else here at it's just listen to
this shit.
Ah,
you suck.
God dammit.
Fuck this.
See is why I got out of range.
I used to do shit like that on the air.
That would be the worst break ever.
I am the fucking worst.
I had what a great intro.
I gave that song.
All right,
here we go.
This is the tar in the road.
Totally makes sense
for it.
[inaudible]
good evening and welcome to the six o'clock news.
It was a four car accident.
The mother fuckers sold it to every six o'clock news station.
This was the classic with your fucking old like me.
Anytime the fucking news came on,
this is the fucking song that they played.
This is back when the,
when they actually had fucking journalists telling you what the corporations
wanted you to know.
[inaudible] this is eyewitness news with Larry King and the eye witness news
team.
Thursday,
July,
1419 77
yeah.
Good evening.
I'm Jake.
Why do I say,
Gee,
I'm a chick.
Show it.
I was.
That's how fucked up my brain is.
I was trying to think,
uh,
Chet Curtis.
I was like,
well,
I can't see,
I can't say Chet.
That's an actual fucking name.
I don't name names,
so then I'll go,
I'll go with Jake.
And then for some reason I don't.
It just got crossed up and I said,
Jake Johann's I gave Jake,
Joe answered a fucking shout out the best God Damn Comedians the last fucking 20
years from my money.
Yeah.
So anyways,
yeah,
it's called out of the tar sequence.
So that one actually doesn't remind me of the,
the,
the fuck it.
That's a reverse one.
I actually watched the movie and I'm getting into that scene,
and then I think there's like,
all of a sudden I'm going to start listening to the news.
So Jesus Christ,
that was,
that was probably the worst debut of any segment.
But you knew,
you got to admit you were definitely into it,
right?
I know you guys have suggestions.
Can you help me out?
All right.
I'm fucking burned out with this fucking podcast.
Here's Jake Johanne.
[inaudible].